c:\users\toponeengineer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TimeTrack\TimeTrack\bin\Debug\TimeTrack.exe.config
c:\users\toponeengineer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TimeTrack\TimeTrack\obj\Debug\TimeTrack.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\toponeengineer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TimeTrack\TimeTrack\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\toponeengineer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TimeTrack\TimeTrack\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\toponeengineer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TimeTrack\TimeTrack\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\toponeengineer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TimeTrack\TimeTrack\obj\Debug\TimeTrack_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\toponeengineer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TimeTrack\TimeTrack\obj\Debug\TimeTrack.g.resources
c:\users\toponeengineer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TimeTrack\TimeTrack\obj\Debug\TimeTrack.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\toponeengineer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TimeTrack\TimeTrack\obj\Debug\TimeTrack.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\toponeengineer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TimeTrack\TimeTrack\bin\Debug\TimeTrack.exe
c:\users\toponeengineer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TimeTrack\TimeTrack\bin\Debug\TimeTrack.pdb
c:\users\toponeengineer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TimeTrack\TimeTrack\obj\Debug\TimeTrack.exe
c:\users\toponeengineer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TimeTrack\TimeTrack\obj\Debug\TimeTrack.pdb
c:\users\toponeengineer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TimeTrack\TimeTrack\bin\Debug\Gma.System.MouseKeyHook.dll
C:\Users\TopOneEngineer\Documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartTimeTrackApp\TimeTrack\bin\Debug\TimeTrack.exe.config
C:\Users\TopOneEngineer\Documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartTimeTrackApp\TimeTrack\obj\Debug\TimeTrack.exe
C:\Users\TopOneEngineer\Documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartTimeTrackApp\TimeTrack\obj\Debug\TimeTrack.pdb
C:\Users\TopOneEngineer\Documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartTimeTrackApp\TimeTrack\obj\Debug\TimeTrack.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\TopOneEngineer\Documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartTimeTrackApp\TimeTrack\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\TopOneEngineer\Documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartTimeTrackApp\TimeTrack\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\TopOneEngineer\Documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartTimeTrackApp\TimeTrack\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\TopOneEngineer\Documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartTimeTrackApp\TimeTrack\obj\Debug\TimeTrack_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\TopOneEngineer\Documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartTimeTrackApp\TimeTrack\obj\Debug\TimeTrack.g.resources
C:\Users\TopOneEngineer\Documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartTimeTrackApp\TimeTrack\obj\Debug\TimeTrack.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\TopOneEngineer\Documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartTimeTrackApp\TimeTrack\obj\Debug\TimeTrack.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\TopOneEngineer\Documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartTimeTrackApp\TimeTrack\bin\Debug\TimeTrack.exe
C:\Users\TopOneEngineer\Documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartTimeTrackApp\TimeTrack\bin\Debug\TimeTrack.pdb
C:\Users\TopOneEngineer\Documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartTimeTrackApp\TimeTrack\bin\Debug\Gma.System.MouseKeyHook.dll
C:\Users\TopOneEngineer\Documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartTimeTrackApp\TimeTrack\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\TopOneEngineer\Documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartTimeTrackApp\TimeTrack\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
C:\Users\TopOneEngineer\Documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SmartTimeTrackApp\TimeTrack\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
